List of questions

Question 1: 
Count the number of sub strings of the given string that are palindrome
Solution: 
Programming Language: Python
1.py


Question 2: 
There are red and yellow roses and the florist need to arrange them in a perticular pattern.
The pattern can contain red rose or red rose followed by yellow rose or red rose followed by yellow followed by yellow rose.
(ie. R | RY | RYY)
Help the florist by writing a program to tell if the given string (denoting 'R' as red rose and 'Y' as the yellow rose)
satify the the given constraint. 

Input: String
Output : YES if it satisfies and NO otherwise.
Sample:
Input: RYRRRYY
Output: YES

Solution:
Programming Language: C with lex and yacc support
2.l and 2.y


Question 3: Source:HackerRank.com
Problem Statement

Given N integers, count the number of pairs of integers whose difference is K.

Input Format 
The 1st line contains N & K (integers). 
The 2nd line contains N numbers of the set. All the N numbers are distinct.

Output Format 
An integer that tells the number of pairs of integers whose difference is K.

Constraints: 
N <= 105 
0 < K < 109 
Each integer will be greater than 0 and at least K smaller than 231-1

Question 4: Source:HackerRank.com

Simple encryption. String(no spaces) is taken as input(max length 81). It is put in form of a matrix and output will be the string that we get when we traverse the matrix along the column and is separated by space after the end of each column.
constraint on #rows and #columns
floor(sqrt(lengthofstring))≤rows≤column≤ceil(sqrt(lengthofstring))
Sample input:
ifmanwasmeanttostayonthegroundgodwouldhavegivenusroots
Output:
imtgdvs fearwer mayoogo anouuio ntnnlvt wttddes aohghn sseoau

explaination: MATRIX is (traverse along column)
ifmanwas  
meanttos          
tayonthe  
groundgo  
dwouldha  
vegivenu  
sroots


Question 5: Partition of an integer

solution: using recursion


Question 6: Count the number of ocuurances of 6 from 1 to n.
SampleInput: 17
Output: 2
Explaination: once in 6 and once in 16.

Soulution: count6.py


Question 7: Count the sum of digits for all numbers from 1 to n.
Solution: digitSum.py

Question 8: Print second largest in the array
soulution: l2.py

Question 9: For each element in the array print the least number preceding it.
Solution: lnl.py

Question 10: Find the length of the linked list or detect the loop if present.
Solution: loop.c

Question 11: MagicNumber 
Solution: magicNum.py
